Now we know how we can store and fetch data of course in our app we can also edit and delete data however.
So let's make sure that this works as well and for data to go back to my actions and their two products
and in their products actions file we have our update product action creator here.
Now just as before I will now change just to return async dispatch.
And then in the end in their dispatch this action you're so moved that in there and we'll call the dispatch
function here which we're getting by redux thunk.
And before we do that we can now reach out to the server and update our data there.
Now that will be pretty simple we can just again use the syntax from create product this year.
So just fetch request alone should suffice here and do that before we dispatch thanks to a wait we will
wait for it is because this dispatch function invisibly gets wrapped into the then blocked that belongs
to this promise.
But we need to tweak this request the you El for example is not entirely correct it points at the product
but now we want to point at a specific product the one product one update therefore I'll use a different
javascript syntax here with back ticks and instead of single quotes which still creates a string but
a string where it can easily inject dynamic data into and I will add a new segment after products before
dot Jason and we can now inject data with this dollar sine curly brace syntax and that's vanilla javascript
not specific to react native it's just JavaScript and here I want to add my I.D. so that in the end
I target this year L then the product node and then this I.D. Of course if you're using a different
API then firebase d you or else you have to send your request to will differ then you should have an
API documentation that tells you which you are ls are accepted or you're writing your own API well then
you should definitely know where you can send requests this is how firebase wants it and the method
now for updating also shouldn't be post but patch or put put will fully overwrite the resource with
the new data patch will updated in the places where you tell us to update it and that's what I want
here I also need to add my headers and now all that a body with the title description and image you
add all but of course not with the price because we're not getting this and we don't want to touch this
and this will send the request where firebase will automatically only change these fields on the product
with this idea we're targeting now I actually don't need to store the response in a constant because
I don't care about it anyways it's just important that we wait for this to complete and with that we
should be good if we now save that and we go here to admin and start editing this and maybe add X automation
work here and then important click somewhere else so that this re triggers do char form logic and submits
its new data and we didn't click this checkmark we're taken back and we see a whiteboard here we also
see this on firebase so this is working so this is how we can update data now what about deleting for
this let's go back into our actions and for deleting we have our action creator now justice before here
I returned as a sync function that gets dispatch as an argument and where in this function we then in
the end dispatch this action that reaches our reducer and before we reach dead we can again send the
request request it looks like this I will copy this part here don't care about the response really just
like that I'll wait fetch now the you or L is wrong justice for updating I want to add my I.D. in their
hands I'll use back ticks so that I can use this injection syntax again and add the product I do here
send a delete request and we won't need to set a header because we all do won't have a body is that
we can get rid of all of that just the method is important and that we'll wait and for now we should
be able to delete data as well we can have a quick look at this if I create a new dummy product which
I can easily delete without losing too much like that if I saved at the click delete here click yes
it's gone year and also we saw it for fraction of a second here it was also deleted on firebase so this
is how we can update and delete as well.